Health Tips for Healthy Living
---------------------------------

1. Healthy eating (diet and nutrition)
	All humans have to eat food for growth and maintenance of a healthy body, but 
	we humans have different nutrition requirements as infants, children (kids), 
	teenagers, young adults, adults, and seniors. For example, infants may require 
	feeding every 4 hours until they gradually age and begin to take in more solid 
	foods. Eventually they develop into the more normal pattern of eating three 
	times per day as young kids. However, as most parents know, kids, teenagers, 
	and young adults often snack between meals. Snacking is often not limited to 
	these age groups because adults and seniors often do the same.
	
2. Physical activity and exercise
	Physical activity and exercise is a major contributor to a healthy lifestyle; 
	people are made to use their bodies, and disuse leads to unhealthy living. 
	Unhealthy living may manifest itself in obesity, weakness, lack of endurance, 
	and overall poor health that may foster disease development.
	
3. Mental health
	Healthy living involves more than physical health, it also includes emotional 
	or mental health. The following are some ways people can support their mental 
	health and well-being.
	
4. Avoid tobacco use
	Tobacco use is the most important preventable illness and cause of death in the 
	U.S., according to the National Cancer Institute (NCI). Tobacco use was estimated 
	to be the cause of 443,000 deaths in 2010 in the U.S.
	
5. Avoid excessive alcohol consumption
	There are many treatments for alcoholism. But the crucial first step to recovery 
	is for the individual to admit there is a problem and make a commitment to address 
	the alcoholism issue. The 12-step-style self-help programs, pioneered by Alcoholics 
	Anonymous, can be one effective treatment. Psychologists and related professionals 
	have developed programs to help individuals better handle emotional stresses and 
	avoid behaviors that can lead to excess drinking. Support and understanding from 
	family members are often critical for sustained recovery. Medication can be useful 
	for the prevention of relapses and for withdrawal symptoms following acute or 
	prolonged intoxication.